mg_master_2168184_adding section with procedures for upgrade from 1.4… (#444)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_installing-the-service-telemetry-framework-v1-5-operators.adoc

////
* file name: proc_installing-the-service-telemetry-framework-v1-5-operators.adoc
* ID: [id="proc_installing-the-service-telemetry-framework-v1-5-operators_{context}"]
* Title: = Installing the Service Telemetry Framework v1.5 Operators
////

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: I've not noticed this attribute before. I see it used only one other place in our docs before this PR, but you've used them consistently here. Are they necessary, and if so, should we add them to all the other files?

Reviewer 2: Yes you are correct! So going forward we should drop ":_content-type: PROCEDURE" from our docs, it's not a priority obviously but it might reduce future confusion.

@mickogeary

[id="installing-the-service-telemetry-framework-v1-5-operators_{context}"]
= Installing the Service Telemetry Framework v1.5 Operators

> Install the Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.5 Operators and the Certificate Manager for OpenShift Operator on your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.10 environment. STF v1.5 only supports Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.10. Installing STF into disconnected or restricted network environments is unsupported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Install the Service Telemetry Framework (STF) v1.5 Operators and the Certificate Manager for OpenShift Operator. STF v1.5 only supports Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.10. Installing STF into disconnected or restricted network environments is unsupported.
```
Assuming the reader will know they are installing this on RHOCP. The next sentence states the version requirement. Just cleaning up a bit, feel free to ignore if this makes anything less clear.

Reviewer: `{OpenShift}`

[NOTE]
After a successful STF v1.5 install, you must retrieve and apply the AMQ Interconnect CA certificate to the RHOSP environment, or the transport layer and telemetry data becomes unavailable.

For more information about updating the AMQ Interconnect CA certificate, see xref:updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5[].

.Prerequisites

* You have upgraded your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment to v4.10.
For more information about upgrading Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform, see xref:upgrading-red-hat-openshift-container-platform-to-v4-10_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5[].

> * Your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment network is fully-connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform environment network is fully connected.
```

Remove hyphen

.Procedure

. Change to the `service-telemetry` project:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc project service-telemetry
----

. Create a `namespace` for the `cert-manager` Operator:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: project.openshift.io/v1
kind: Project
metadata:
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
spec:
  finalizers:
  - kubernetes
EOF
----

. Create an `OperatorGroup` for the cert-manager Operator:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  namespace: openshift-cert-manager-operator
spec: {}
EOF
----

> . Subscribe to the `cert-manager` Operator with the `redhat-operators` `CatalogSource`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Subscribe to the `cert-manager` Operator with the `redhat-operators` CatalogSource:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  namespace: openshift-cert-manager-operator
spec:
  channel: tech-preview
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
EOF
----

. Validate your `ClusterServiceVersion`. Ensure that the phase of `cert-manager` Operator is `Succeeded`:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc get csv --namespace openshift-cert-manager-operator --selector=operators.coreos.com/openshift-cert-manager-operator.openshift-cert-manager-operator

NAME                            DISPLAY                                       VERSION   REPLACES   PHASE
openshift-cert-manager.v1.7.1   cert-manager Operator for Red Hat OpenShift   1.7.1-1              Succeeded
----

> . Optional: Re-subscribe to the Grafana Operator. For information, see: test xref:setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: Re-subscribe to the Grafana Operator. For more information, see: test xref:setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[].
```

> . Create the Service Telemetry Operator subscription to manage the STF instances:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the Service Telemetry Operator subscription to manage the {ProjectShort} instances:
```

> . Optional: For information on how to re-subscribe to the Grafana Operator, see: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-advanced-features_assembly#setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[Configuring Grafana to host the dashboard].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: Resubscribe to the Grafana Operator. For more information, see: link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/service_telemetry_framework_1.5/assembly-advanced-features_assembly#setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[Configuring Grafana to host the dashboard].
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't this link be internal to the document like `<<setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features>>` (untested)

////

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="installing-the-service-telemetry-framework-v1-5-operators_{context}"]
= Installing the {Project} v1.5 Operators

Install the {Project} ({ProjectShort}) v1.5 Operators and the Certificate Manager for OpenShift Operator on your {OpenShift} v4.10 environment. {ProjectShort} v1.5 only supports {OpenShift} v4.10. Installing {ProjectShort} into disconnected or restricted network environments is unsupported.

ifdef::include_when_13,include_when_17[]
[NOTE]
After a successful {ProjectShort} v1.5 install, you must retrieve and apply the {MessageBus} CA certificate to the {OpenStack} environment, or the transport layer and telemetry data becomes unavailable.

For more information about updating the {MessageBus} CA certificate, see xref:updating-the-amq-interconnect-ca-certificate-on-red-hat-openstack-platform_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5[].
endif::include_when_13,include_when_17[]

.Prerequisites

* You have upgraded your {OpenShift} environment to v4.10. For more information about upgrading {OpenShift}, see xref:upgrading-red-hat-openshift-container-platform-to-v4-10_upgrading-service-telemetry-framework-to-version-1-5[].

> * Your {OpenShift} environment network is fully-connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your {OpenShift} environment network is fully connected.
```
Global comment:
fully connected is definitely not hyphenated.

+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  namespace: openshift-cert-manager-operator
spec: {}
EOF
----

. Subscribe to the `cert-manager` Operator with the `redhat-operators` CatalogSource:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  namespace: openshift-cert-manager-operator
spec:
  channel: tech-preview
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: openshift-cert-manager-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
EOF
----

. Validate your `ClusterServiceVersion`. Ensure that the phase of `cert-manager` Operator is `Succeeded`:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc get csv --namespace openshift-cert-manager-operator --selector=operators.coreos.com/openshift-cert-manager-operator.openshift-cert-manager-operator

NAME                            DISPLAY                                       VERSION   REPLACES   PHASE
openshift-cert-manager.v1.7.1   cert-manager Operator for Red Hat OpenShift   1.7.1-1              Succeeded
----

> . Optional: Re-subscribe to the Grafana Operator. For more information, see xref:setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: Resubscribe to the Grafana Operator. For more information, see xref:setting-up-grafana-to-host-the-dashboard_assembly-advanced-features[].
```
